A fun little project I've decided to work on. 3-5-7 Poker is an exiting take on the game of poker. The rules are as follows The rules for the 3-5-7 poker game are as follows: The round structure begins with players receiving 3 cards, with 3s acting as wild cards. They then receive 2 more cards, with 5s being wild, and finally, 2 additional cards where 7s are wild. To start the game, each player puts in a pre-set ante, for example, if the ante is $0.25, all players contribute this amount. Players have several playing options: they can choose to play against another player (Player vs Player), play against the dealer (Player vs Dealer), opt not to play, or fold. In Player vs Player, if two players want to play with their current hand, they swap hands, with the winner taking the pot and the loser matching the pot amount. In Player vs Dealer, if only one player wants to play, they reveal their hand, and the dealer draws an equal number of cards. If the player wins, they take the pot and the game ends. If the dealer wins, the player must match the pot, and the deck is reshuffled for the next round. When no player chooses to play, all players must reveal their cards, and the one with the best hand must match the pot. The deck is reshuffled for a new round, and no additional ante is required. Non-playing participants, however, must contribute another $0.25 to reveal the next round, except in cases where no one plays and all players reveal their hands. Optionally, a host can select a banker, who will collect all the chips and track winnings and losses. For example, if there are 4 players each with $20, the banker holds $80. Lastly, the player limit for the standard game is a maximum of 6 players using one deck of 42 cards, with 7 cards allocated to the dealer. If there are 7 or more players, an additional deck is required. This take on poker is a game me and my friends love to play in person. Only issue being that some of them have moved far away and we can no longer play in person. What better way to show my skills than developing something fun! This project is the first project I've done outside of UNCC. I'm exited to share this project!